WHAT IS THIS:
    A 1D, electrostatic particle-in-cell plasma simulation with some diagnostics
    included.

HOW TO RUN:
    Run go.sh in bash shell or alternatively run make utility and ./run

HOW DOES IT WORK:
    1. Initialize particle positions uniformly in space
    2. Initialize particle velocities according a maxwell distribution
    3. Calculate the charge density at each grid point using the cloud-in-cell
    weighing scheme
    4. Calculate the potential at each grid point by solving the poisson
    equation with an application of the fast fourier trasnform
    5. Calculate the field at each grid point by using the finite difference
    approximation of derivatives on the potentials
    6. Calculate the force on each particle from the adjacent grid points, again
    using the cloud-in-cell weighing technique in conjuction with the particle
    charge
    7. Increment each particle's position according to its current velocity
    8. Increment each particle's velocity according to its current accelaration
    9. Repeat from step 3 until desired number of iterations has occured

BOUNDARY CONDITIONS:
    Periodic. i.e. A particle traveling monotonically toward greater grid
    points will, upon passing the "final" grid point, wrap around back to the
    first grid point in the system

DIAGNOSTICS:
    Simulation data output in the "data" directory in two column format
    File naming convention for time histories given
        by <name of physical quantity>_out.dat
        For snapshots, the file names are given
            by <snapshot #><name of quanitty>_out.dat
    Graphical representation of data can be loaded by running any of the data
        directory's .gnu files through gnuplot or by running ROOT_graph.cpp
        through ROOT Cling
    Diagnostics Include:
        1. Mode Energy
        2. Power Spectral density for each mode
        2. Total Energy vs Time
        3. Kinetic Energy vs Time
        4. Potential Energy vs Time
        5. Momentum vs Time
        6. Potential vs Grid Point Snapshot
        7. Charge Density vs Grid Point Snapshot
        8. Field vs Grid Point Snapshot

PHYSICAL CONSTANTS:
    Refer to "parameters.h" in the "include" directory
    Note, to minimize non-physical effects, a number of relative relatinoship
        between the constants must be maintained:
        1. The size of the system >> 1 Debye Length
        2. No particle can cross more than one grid point in one time interval
        3. Number of particles per grid cell  >> 1
        4. Grid size < Debye length

UNITS:
    Time: Inverse Plasma Frequency
    Distance: Debye Lengths
    Charge/Mass: 1
